README.md, before:

# CoPLaWS 2025 - the 3rd Copenhagen Programming Languages Workshop

[CoPLaWS](https://coplaws.github.io) is a series of annual workshops for programming language researchers working in the greater Copenhagen area, open to academics (DTU, KU, ITU, RUC, AAU CPH) and researchers in industry and other institutions. The aim is to get together and learn about each other's work.

**[CoPLaWS 2025](https://coplaws.github.io/2025)** is the third edition of the workshop. It will take place on **Friday 22 August 2025** in Copenhagen at **[Aalborg University Copenhagen, Konferencesalen (A. C. Meyers Vænge 15, room number 1.001b](https://maps.app.goo.gl/QhL3DdXiMjMqgmVw5)** . It will be a full-day event including dinner (at the expense of the participants).

## Invited Speaker

**[_TBA_](https://tba.tba)**

**Title:** _TBA_

**Abstract:** _TBA_

## Call for Talks 

We invite proposals for 20-minute talks for the workshop. Since there are many programming language researchers in Copenhagen, it is likely that we will get more talk proposals than can fit in a day. In that event, the talks will be selected by the organisers based on a light reviewing process. We will aim for diversity in topics and institutions represented. 

Talk proposals should consist of a title and a one-paragraph abstract. No need to submit any PDF. 

- **Submission Link:** _TBA_
- **Submission deadline:** 11 August 2025
- **Notification:** 13 August 2025

## Local Organisers
Léon Gondelman, Anders Schlichtkrull

## Organisers
Alceste Scalas, Fritz Henglein, Hugo-Andres Lopez-Acosta, Marco Carbone, Morten Rhiger, Rasmus Møgelberg, Anders Schlichtkrull.

## Sponsor

CoPLaWS 2025 is sponsored by the [Department of Computer Science at Aalborg University](https://www.cs.aau.dk).

Commit message:

Talk types, encouragement of PhDs, encouragement of work-in-progress

README.md, after:

# CoPLaWS 2025 - the 3rd Copenhagen Programming Languages Workshop

[CoPLaWS](https://coplaws.github.io) is a series of annual workshops for programming language researchers working in the greater Copenhagen area, open to academics (DTU, KU, ITU, RUC, AAU CPH) and researchers in industry and other institutions. The aim is to get together and learn about each other's work.

**[CoPLaWS 2025](https://coplaws.github.io/2025)** is the third edition of the workshop. It will take place on **Friday 22 August 2025** in Copenhagen at **[Aalborg University Copenhagen, Konferencesalen (A. C. Meyers Vænge 15, room number 1.001b](https://maps.app.goo.gl/QhL3DdXiMjMqgmVw5)**. It will be a full-day event including dinner (at the expense of the participants).

## Invited Speaker

**[_TBA_](https://tba.tba)**

**Title:** _TBA_

**Abstract:** _TBA_

## Call for Talks 

We invite proposals two kinds of talks:

- 20-minute talks
- maximum 10-minute "short talks"

We encourage also PhD students to submit proposals of either kind! We encourage also presentations of work-in-progress research!

Since there are many programming language researchers in Copenhagen, it is likely that we will get more talk proposals than can fit in a day. In that event, the talks will be selected by the organisers based on a light reviewing process. We will aim for diversity in topics and institutions represented. 

Talk proposals should consist of a title and a one-paragraph abstract. No need to submit any PDF. 

- **Submission Link:** _TBA_
- **Submission deadline:** 11 August 2025
- **Notification:** 13 August 2025

## Local Organisers
Léon Gondelman, Anders Schlichtkrull

## Organisers
Alceste Scalas, Fritz Henglein, Hugo-Andres Lopez-Acosta, Marco Carbone, Morten Rhiger, Rasmus Møgelberg, Anders Schlichtkrull.

## Sponsor

CoPLaWS 2025 is sponsored by the [Department of Computer Science at Aalborg University](https://www.cs.aau.dk).
